---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "helmfile_embedding_example Resource - terraform-provider-helmfile"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# helmfile_embedding_example (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `embedded` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--embedded))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--embedded"></a>
### Nested Schema for `embedded`

Required:

- `kubeconfig` (String)

Optional:

- `aws_assume_role` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--embedded--aws_assume_role))
- `aws_profile` (String)
- `aws_region` (String)
- `binary` (String)
- `concurrency` (Number)
- `content` (String)
- `dirty` (Boolean)
- `dry_run` (Boolean) When true, runs helmfile template instead of apply to render manifests without deploying
- `enable_go_template` (Boolean)
- `environment` (String)
- `environment_variables` (Map of String)
- `helm_binary` (String)
- `helm_diff_version` (String)
- `helm_version` (String)
- `path` (String)
- `releases_values` (Map of String)
- `selector` (Map of String)
- `selectors` (List of String)
- `skip_diff_on_missing_files` (List of String)
- `values` (List of String)
- `values_files` (List of String)
- `version` (String)
- `working_directory` (String)

Read-Only:

- `apply_output` (String)
- `diff_output` (String)
- `error` (String)
- `template_output` (String) Output from helmfile template when dry_run is enabled

<a id="nestedblock--embedded--aws_assume_role"></a>
### Nested Schema for `embedded.aws_assume_role`

Optional:

- `duration_seconds` (Number) Seconds to restrict the assume role session duration.
- `external_id` (String) Unique identifier that might be required for assuming a role in another account.
- `policy` (String) IAM Policy JSON describing further restricting permissions for the IAM Role being assumed.
- `policy_arns` (Set of String) Amazon Resource Names (ARNs) of IAM Policies describing further restricting permissions for the IAM Role being assumed.
- `role_arn` (String) Amazon Resource Name of an IAM Role to assume prior to making API calls.
- `session_name` (String) Identifier for the assumed role session.
- `tags` (Map of String) Assume role session tags.
- `transitive_tag_keys` (Set of String) Assume role session tag keys to pass to any subsequent sessions.
